chore: add "please simplify reproduction" comment (#52631)
vercel/next.js: .github/actions/issue-validator/repro.md

To be able to investigate, we need access to a reproduction to identify what triggered the issue. We prefer a link to a public GitHub repository ([template for `pages`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/reproduction-template), [template for App Router](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/reproduction-template-app-dir)), but you can also use these templates: [CodeSandbox: `pages`](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/reproduction-template) or [CodeSandbox: App Router](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/reproduction-template-app-dir).

> To make sure the issue is resolved as quickly as possible, please make sure that the reproduction is as **minimal** as possible. This means that you should **remove unnecessary code, files, and dependencies** that do not contribute to the issue. Please also avoid referencing private registry dependencies, as we cannot install them, and avoid referencing secrets, or linking to a whole monorepo (unless relevant to the issue). The easier it is the reproduce the issue, the quicker we can help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure the issue is resolved as quickly as possible, please make sure that the reproduction is as **minimal** as possible. This means that you should **remove unnecessary code, files, and dependencies** that do not contribute to the issue. Ensure your reproduction does not depend on secrets, 3rd party registries, private dependencies, or any other data that cannot be made public. Avoid a reproduction including a whole monorepo (unless relevant to the issue). The easier it is the reproduce the issue, the quicker we can help.
```
